Feature/4272  add emoji reactions (#4278)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/database.md

:warning: newest version of debian doesn't provide up to date mysql version, you should add official apt repository:
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-apt-repo-quick-guide/en/

> :warning: Tracim needs a complete utf-8 charset and collation to work properly, so its database should be using
> utf8mb4 charset. For the collation we suggest `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` for mysql 8.0.1+ and `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci` for mariadb 10.3+.
> as there are the most up-to-date unicode collation algorithm available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Tracim requires proper support for UFT-8 to work properly. On MySQL and MariaDB, this means you hould be using `utf8mb4`. For the collation we suggest using `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` on MySQL 8.0.1+ and `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci` on MariaDB 10.3+.
as they are the most up-to-date Unicode collation algorithms available.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: No link exist about this in cli documentation about migration. Is it normal ?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:warning: Tracim needs a complete utf-8 charset and collation to work properly, so its database should be using
utf8mb4 charset. For the collation we suggest `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` for mysql 8.0.1+ and `utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci` for mariadb 10.3+.
as there are the most up-to-date unicode collation algorithm available.

If you need to upgrade to tracim 3.7+ on mysql/mariadb, please use [utf8mb4 migration command line](cli.md#Migrate Mysql/Mariadb database to utf8mb4 (added for tracim 3.7))
```
